Plugins: Add optional headers for authToken http request (#28152)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/add-authentication-for-data-source-plugins.md

  }
]
```

> ### Add headers to OAuth request

Reviewer: I would add the description that optional headers can be set in the "Enable token authentication" section.

  }
]
```

> ## Optional headers to retrieve oauth token

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Optional headers to retrieve OAuth token
```

> ## Optional headers to retrieve OAuth token

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Add headers to OAuth request
```

This instructs how to add header so should be in imperative voice.

> If a header value is expected in the call to the oauth url, they can sent using

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the call to the OAuth URL expects a header value, you can send it using
```

Prefer active over passive voice.

Reviewer 3: Also, I think this belongs under the "Enable token authentication" heading rather as a top-level heading.

> the `headers` property. 

Reviewer 3: This should be on the same line as the previous.
